Story 1:

A farmer asked his son take herd of sheeps Grazing everyone.While the boy watched over the sheep,he got
 bored,so he decided to have some fun.so,he started shouting,wolf wolf,around the peopel came to him.
 they are realized there is no wolf,people very furious about him.
On the next day,boy was shouted again wolf,wolf. people once again came to him.people once again angry
 about him.
On the same day,boy saw an actual wolf.that has terrorizing the sheep.the boy cried wolf wolf please
help me no villagers showed up as day believed that the boy was joking again.

moral of the story:

dont play with people's trust,when it matters the most, they wont believe you.


Story2:
once upon a time,there was a Greek king,midas.He was very rich and had lots of gold.He had a daughter,
who he loved alot.
one day ,midas found an angel in need of help.he helped her and returnsshe agreed to grant a wish.
midas wished that everything he touched would retutn into gold.his wish was granted.on his way home
he touched rocks and plants they turned into gold.
As he reached home,he was very in excitement he hugged his daughter,who turned into gold.
Midas was devastated and he had learnt his lesson.upon his learning lesson,finally the king was realized
and asked her to take her wish back.

moral of the story:
Greed is not good for you.be content and satisfied to lead a happy fulfilling life .

Story3:

once there was a fox and stork.fox was very selfish,but one day fox invited to stork for dinner.
the stork was very happy to be invited and she reached fox home on time.fox was opend door and sork sat
on table.fox served some soup into the shallow bowls.
fox was licked up soup,but stork was could not drnik it because stork has very long beak.on the next day
stork invited  to fox for dinner.strok served some soup as well but in two narrow vases.whilw the stork 
enjoyed her soup and finished.fox very hungry and went home he was realized him mistake.

moral of the story:
dont be selfish because it come back to you at same point.

story 4:

the foolish theif:

one day,a wealthy man came to Akbar's court in hope to get help from birbal.the man suspected one of his sevent
had stolen from him.
birbal have some thought of a plan and gaves the stick all of servents and he is telling,the stick grow three
inches if they were the theif.the next day birbal gathered all of the servents.birbal understood easy who the 
theif was.
the theif was cut the stick three inches ,as he thought was stick grow three inches.because of this his guilt was 
prooven.

Moral of the story:

the truth will always come out one way or another so better to be truthfull. 


Story 5:

This is a story from Panchatantra.

A monkey lived on a berry tree on the River Bank. Once he saw a crocodile under the tree who looked hungry and tired.
 He gave the crocodile some berries, the crocodile thanked the monkey and became one of his friends. 
The monkey would give berries to the crocodile every day. One day the monkey even gave the crocodile extra berries 
to take to his wife.
His wife enjoyed the berries but told her husband that she wanted to eat the monkey's heart. 
She was a wicked and cunning woman. The crocodile was upset, but he decided that he needed to make his wife happy.
On the next day, the crocodile went to the monkey and said that his wife had called him for dinner. The crocodile carried the monkey on his back across the river. He told this monkey his wife's plan. 
The monkey had to think quickly if he wanted to save himself. He told the crocodile that he left his heart at on the berry tree and that they needed to return.
On reaching the monkey climbed the tree and spoke.I m not getting down you betrayed my trust and that means our friendship is over






